well hello there it's ronnie from GSG
gaming since gaming bringing you the
dead space 3 collectibles for chapter 16
what lies below and right after your
first rappel you're gonna run down the
walkway and on the right hand side on
that box is going to be a weapons part
and this is easily or second or third I
think it's your second or a bell go
there make sure he is a place I don't
know why you stand by it
alright so right over there on that
little walkway thing is your second one
this part got it now five guys on the
opposite side of that where I was
looking at a second ago and you're gonna
head into the hydraulics to the left is
going to be a weapons part another one
then you're gonna do a magic trick and
open this door will security puzzle
there's an audio a wall right there turn
it off we thought it was the entrance
but we were to see and then I know like
those cheap-ass chairs and there's power
box with a circuited Angeles
alright the final area after you repel
your go over on the right hand side
there's going to be a blueprint for you
javelin gun was badass and at this pace
to haven't tried in this one there's a
weapons part for you and right in front
of me is going to be a scavenger bot
location drop it like its bot that's
never gonna get
hey sig of GST thanks for watching our
desde free video make sure you click the
box to go that I chakra or click the box
code our collectible guy the links are
in the description in case you are in a
mobile device what is this make sure
that you rate comment subscribe and
share the video link if you can I don't
know what's going on its throw me off
this new yorky HTML